hello everyone I just wanted to come on
really quick and show you how I stretch
out my daughter's hair without using
heat since it's getting hot I'm gonna be
doing mainly cornrow styles in her hair
just to keep her hair of October and
keep her cooler because her hair is so
thick and I found that it's a lot easier
to braid her hair when it's stretched
out so she has super curly hair one of
the methods that I use is the African
threading technique and that's where you
just take a piece of weaving thread and
wrap it around the hair and as you
wrapping it around the hair you stretch
the hair out and I'll do a video on it
if you guys want me to but then another
technique that I use but here don't baby
Bonita is bantu knots so I'm gonna take
one down to just show you I wish I had
left a section out so you could see the
difference but I'll take one down and
show you just how much her hair got
stretched and this has been overnight
yesterday I washed and conditioned her
hair and I have a video on that also if
you wanted to see it I watched that
condition her hair put it in four
sections like I always do and detangled
it and then I did these
like I said I'll do a video on it if you
guys want me to but there's plenty of
videos on YouTube already showing these
methods see how straight your hair looks
been hidden baby
and this was done without using heat at
all yes baby is sharp
okay so now I'm gonna pick up one of
these okay so I wanted to get somewhere
where there was more Layton so you can
come and see it a little better now with
this part you have to be very careful
because you have to use scissors well I
have to use scissors when cutting the
string since the string is black her
hair is black you can easily cut her
hair so just take your time
find a piece of string and cut only the
string so I'm gonna cut this little
section right here
okay and these are four sections or all
tied together I'll do a video on this
because it's not very easy to explain
so just untwist a thread from her hair
are you doing baby I got it
and I tied this up here also so I'm
gonna have to cut it come here baby
so like I said be very careful in doing
this
okay move forwards up huh you know you
got stand up for a minute okay I see
that's four sections I'm just gonna take
out one and show you then I've got to
take out all over here I'll show you
what baby your legs tired
oh man okay hold on okay
tip
mm-hmm Oh am i it almost
and I found this technique on YouTube
you
okay so this is her hair all taken out
like I said I wish I left out a section
of hair of her hair so you could see the
difference but normally if her hair
isn't stretched out it draws up almost
all the way to her scalp
that's how curly her hair is but it's
all nice and stretched out the next
thing I'm gonna do is just corn roll it
up and I'm gonna do a video on that also